2.10.0
==

This is a stable release to coincide with the release of Gnome 2.10.0.
The only difference between this version and 2.9.34 is some
translation updates.

Translations
  Vladimir Petkov (bg), Gabor Kelemen (hu), ´ygimantas Berucka (lt),
  Reinout van Schouwen (nl), Mugurel Tudor (ro), Danilo ¦egan (sr),
  Woodman Tuen (zh_TW)

2.9.34
==

This is an unstable release to coincide with the release of Gnome
2.10.0 release candidate 1 (2.9.92).

Thanks to Aidan Delaney, Elijah Newren, and Joe Marcus Clarke for
fixes in this release.

 - Fix crash that occurs when stupid apps claim that a window is its
   own parent (Elijah, Joe) [#168207]
 - Prevent the visual bell from changing the focus window (Elijah)
   [#123366]
 - Make sure that icons in the alt-tab popup are dimmed for all hidden
   windows, not just minimized ones (Aidan) [#168455]

Translations
  Elnaz Sarbar (fa), Ankit Patel (gu), Luca Ferretti (it),
  Reinout van Schouwen (nl), Gnome PL Team (pl),
  Alexandre Folle de Menezes (pt_BR)

2.9.21
==

This is an unstable release heading towards Gnome 2.10.  Since there
have been an awful lot of fixes since Gnome 2.10 Beta 2, we are hoping
to get an extra week of wider testing of all these changes before hard
code freeze.

Thanks to Aidan Delaney, Crispin Flowerday, Elijah Newren, and Joe
Marcus Clarke for fixes in this release.

 - Make sure we get a valid timestamp if one doesn't come with the
   _NET_ACTIVE_WINDOW message (Elijah, Crispin) [#166728]
 - Avoid sending CurrentTime to our XSetInputFocus wrappers, but
   handle it better in case we miss any cases (Elijah) [#166732]
 - Remove useless function call (Aidan) [#166730]
 - Avoid new windows being obscured by the focus window and thus
   possibly lost (Elijah) [#166524]
 - Don't unconditionally place not-to-be-focused windows, such as
   splashscreens, below the focus window (Elijah) [#167042]
 - Raise the ancestor of a window instead of the window itself
   (Elijah) [#166894]
 - Cover half a dozen issues needed to fix a variety of rare timestamp
   bugs (Elijah) [#167358]
 - Fix a possible crash on logout (Joe) [#167935]
 - Fix an obscure xinerama placement bug with windows that are too
   large to fit in the workarea in both dimensions (Elijah) [#166757]
 - Ignore all focus and focus-stealing-prevention code in
   meta_window_show when not showing the window for the first time
   (Elijah) [#167199]
 - when receiving a _NET_ACTIVE_WINDOW message, switch to the desktop
   where the window is located before activating instead of moving the
   window to the current desktop (Elijah) [#128380]
 - Handle _NET_CURRENT_DESKTOP messages that come with timestamps
   (Elijah) [#161361]
 - Handle keynav vs. mousenav in mouse and sloppy focus modes (Elijah)
   [#167545]

Translations
  Jordi Mallach (ca), Martin Willemoes Hansen (da), 
  Kostas Papadimas (el), David Lodge (en_GB), 
  Francisco Javier F.  Serrador (es), Tõivo Leedjärv (et),
  Christophe Merlet (RedFox) (fr), Takeshi AIHANA (ja), 
  Young-Ho, Cha (ko), Kjartan Maraas (nb), Michiel Sikkes (nl),
  Kjartan Maraas (no), Duarte Loreto (pt), Leonid Kanter (ru), 
  Marcel Telka (sk), Laurent Dhima (sq), Maxim Dziumanenko (uk)

2.9.13
==

This is an unstable release to coincide with the release of Gnome
2.10.0 Beta 2 (2.9.91).

Thanks to Elijah Newren, Balamurali Viswanathan, Stephane Loeuillet,
Benjamin Kahn, Garrett (LeSage?), Jose Moya, Dave Ahlswede, Arvind
Samptur, John Paul Wallington, Tim Herold, Muktha Narayan, Sinisa
Segvic, Owen Taylor, Crispin Flowerday, "RHEL-3", KWin, and Google for
improvements in this release.

 - Refuse to focus a window with a modal transient, and focus the
   transient instead (Elijah) [#164716]
 - Make sure we get gconf notifications about the terminal command
   changing (Balamurali) [#160934]
 - Specify encoding of src/metacity.desktop.in (Stephane) [#151850]
 - New 48x48 default icon (Benjamin, Garrett) [#160660]
 - Add man pages for metacity-window-demo and metacity-theme-viewer
   (Jose, Dave) [#143513]
 - Fix minimized window display in workspace switcher after relogin
   with a saved session (Elijah) [#164677]
 - Ignore sticky windows for non-active workspaces (Elijah) [#165259]
 - Don't wireframe when accessibility is on, it apparently causes a
   desktop wide freeze. (Arvind) [#159538]
 - Keep tooltip on screen horizontally for xinerama (John) [#165261]
 - Stick and unstick transients with their parent automatically
   (Elijah) [#152283]
 - Shaded windows should not show up in pagers (Elijah) [#165377]
 - Treat splashscreens same as other windows for stacking (Elijah)
   [#165243]
 - Plug a pair of leaks (Elijah) [#165378]
 - Take into account the appropriate list of windows when placing a
   new one (Elijah) [#165381]
 - Correct misleading and inaccurate wording (Elijah) [#165380]
 - Handle xcomposite pkgconfig version regression (Tim) [#149368]
 - Make the warn-about-buggy-session-management-apps dialog be sticky
   (Elijah) [#164745]
 - Fix the problem with fullscreen windows on a different xinerama
   monitor not staying on top ("RHEL-3") [#156511]
 - Make the unfocussed title bar distinguishable in cases where it
   otherwise isn't for the Atlanta, Simple, and Bright themes (Muktha)
   [#125291]
 - Correct the stacking when returning from fullscreen mode (Elijah)
   [#165718]
 - Focus parents of dismissed transient windows in preference to the
   window that most recently had keyboard focus (Elijah) [#157360]
 - Make sure window->border_only is initialized so we don't get random
   windows without decorations (Elijah, Sinisa, Owen) [#145131]
 - Add period to the end of reduced_resources' description (Dave)
   [#165780]
 - If activation requests are too old, set the demands_attention hint
   instead of actually activating (Elijah, Crispin) [#166395]
 - Ignore xconfigurerequest events for stacking when it should be safe
   to do so (Elijah, Crispin, KWin, Google) [#166395]
 - Set a _METACITY_VERSION property (a utf8 string) on the WM check
   window (Elijah) [#165350]

Translations
  Vladimir Petkov (bg), Miloslav Trmac (cs), Frank Arnold (de), 
  Adam Weinberger (en_CA), David Lodge (en_GB), 
  Francisco Javier F. Serrador (es), Pauli Virtanen (fi), 
  Young-Ho, Changwoo Ryu (ko), ´ygimantas Berucka (lt),
  Kjartan Maraas (nb),  Kjartan Maraas (no), Duarte Loreto (pt),
  Marcel Telka (sk), Christian Rose (sv), 
  Theppitak Karoonboonyanan (th)

2.9.8
==

This is a brown paper bag release to cover up the crash I introduced
in version 2.9.5.  Thanks to Sebastien Bacher and the bleeding edge
Ubuntu users for quickly catching the occasional crash that my fix in
#123576 could cause, and for verifying that the patch I made fixed
this issue (I couldn't duplicate).

 - Don't forget to initialize display->grab_old_window_stacking
   [#165093]

2.9.5
==

This is an unstable release to coincide with the release of Gnome
2.10.0 Beta 1 (2.9.90).

Thanks to Vincent Noel, Elijah Newren, and John Paul Wallington for
fixes in this release.

 - Restore original stacking when aborting an alt-esc window switch
   operation (Elijah) [#123576]
 - Fix vertical maximization for second screen (John) [#163420]
 - Show labels in bold for windows that demand attention (Vincent)
   [#164590]
 - In the tab task switcher popup, dim the window icon and put its
   name between brackets when the window is minimized (Vincent)
   [#136666]
 - Correct highlighting of windows in workspace switcher popup
   (Elijah) [#163450]

Translations
 zh_CN (Funda Wang), nb (Kjartan Maraas), nn (Kjartan Maraas), de
 (Frank Arnold)

2.9.3
==

This is an unstable release to coincide with the release of Gnome 2.9.4.

Thanks to Leena Gunda, Thomas Fitzsimmons, and mild7 users sourceforge
net, and Elijah Newren for fixes in this release.

 - Don't focus the panel on click (Elijah) [#160470, and others]
 - Make sure the save session dialog appears focused (Elijah) [#162983]
 - Correctly restore size of window when double clicking the titlebar
   to unmaximize (Leena) [#161236]
 - Install schema data from builddir not srcdir (Thomas) [#161417]
 - Provide more documentation to make it easier for people to
   contribute to Metacity (Elijah) [#162646]
 - Allow users to move the window around immediately after
   double-clicking to shade (Elijah) [#90290]
 - Focus windows that manually position themselves too (Elijah) [#107347]
 - Don't show window menu if all options are invalid (Elijah) [#148915]
 - Exclude windows with skip_taskbar hint set from the alt-tab list;
   they'll appear in the ctrl-alt-tab list instead. (mild7 users
   sourceforge net) [#106249]
 - Wrap XSetInputFocus to make display->expected_focus_window more
   reliable (Elijah) [#154598]
 - Remove conflict between windows on multiple workspaces and hidden
   being a global quantity (Elijah) [#156182]

Translations
 es (Francisco Javier F. Serrador), sv (Christian Rose), cs (Miloslav
 Trmac), ja (Takeshi AIHANA)

2.9.2
==

This is an unstable release to coincide with the release of Gnome 2.9.3.

Thanks to Alex Duggan, ash AT contact bg, Elijah Newren, and Baptiste
Mille-Mathias for fixes in this release.

 - Add a missing period at the end of a sentence (Baptiste) [#158210]
 - When snap-moving don't snap to hidden windows, such as transients
   of minimized windows (Elijah) [#157180]
 - Focus the desktop when showing it (Elijah) [#159257]
 - Remove deprecated capplet (Alex, ash) [#160753]

Translations
 da (Martin Willemoes Hansen), bg (Alexander Shopov), en_CA (Adam
 Weinberger)

2.9.1
==

This is an unstable release heading towards Gnome 2.10, released a
little late for Gnome 2.9.2 but there weren't many changes anyway this
time...

Thanks to Benjamin Kahn, Marco Pesenti Gritti, James Henstridge, and
Vincent Untz for fixes/features in this release.

 - gnome-panel-screenshot was renamed to gnome-screenshot (Vincent) [#157529]
 - Update build stuff (use newer automake, etc.) (James)
 - Fix build out of src directory (Marco) [#158325]
 - Use a better default application icon (Benjamin) [#160373]

Translations
 da (Martin Willemoes Hansen), fr(Christophe Merlet, Baptiste
 Mille-Mathias), lt(´ygimantas Berucka), ja(Takeshi AIHANA)

2.9.0
==

This is an unstable release heading towards Gnome 2.10.

Thanks to Rob Adams, Anders Carlsson, Elijah Newren, Soeren Sandmann,
and Vincent Untz for fixes and features in this release.

 - Add a keybinding to launch a terminal (Vincent) [#154232]
 - Correct the requested number of keycodes (Rob) [#155247]
 - Add tracker bugs to rationales.txt file
 - Make the "showing desktop" mode be per-workspace instead of
   per-screen. (Elijah) [#142198]
 - Don't try to use an ARGB visual at all if the depth isn't
   32-bit. This caused major slowdowns with Composite
   enabled. (Anders)
 - Fix the modifier key breakage introduced by an Xorg
   change. (Soeren) [#151554]
 - Update _NET_WM_STATE_HIDDEN so the pager on the panel will know
   whether to display windows as visible or hidden (Elijah) [#105665]
 - Fix the alt-tab order--if the most recently used window is not
   focused, start alt tabbing with that window instead of the one
   after it (Elijah) [#156251]
 - Don't lower newly mapped windows when they're denied focus if they
   are transients of the focused window.  Instead, defocus the
   currently focused window (Elijah) [#151996]
 - Re-enable focus stealing prevention (Elijah)

Translations
 es(Francisco Javier F. Serrador), sq(Laurent Dhima), sr(Danilo ¦egan), 
 cs(Miloslav Trmac), en_CA(Adam Weinberger), en_GB(David Lodge)

2.8.6
==

This is a stable release for Gnome 2.8.1.

Thanks to the Ken Harris, Kjartan Maraas, and the tireless efforts of
Elijah Newren for fixes in this release.

Fixes
  * Ensure the correct window is focused when minimizing (Elijah)
  * Fix keynav with mouse focus (Elijah)
  * Fix several race conditions in window focusing (Elijah)
  * Focus the top window when lowering by frame click (Ken)
  * Fix some compiler warnings (Kjartan)
  * Fix some valgrind-reported errors (Elijah)
  * Fix some potential issues with autoraising windows (Elijah)

Translations
  * en_CA(Adam Weinberger), it(Luca Ferretti)

2.8.5
==

This is a stable release for Gnome 2.8.  Only translations and some
new developer documentation were added since the last unstable release.
This release boasts improved standards-compliance and a number of 
bug fixes since the last stable release.

Translations

  * ar(Abdulaziz Al-Arfaj), cs(Miloslav Trmac), cy(Dafydd Harries),
    en_GB(David Lodge), fr(Christophe Merlet (RedFox)), 
    nn(Åsmund Skjæveland), or(Gora Mohanty), 
    pr_BR(Gustavo Noronha Silva), ro(Mugurel Tudor), 
    th(Paisa Seeluangsawat), tr(Baris Cicek), zh_TW(Woodman Tuen)

2.8.4
==

This release features a number of bug fixes, and also the disabling of
the focus-stealing-prevention code (we're entering hard code freeze in
Gnome so it's too late to fix the remaining issues, especially since
it requires several patches to modules other than Metacity).

Thanks to Havoc Pennington, Soeren Sandmann, Elijah Newren, and Rich
Wareham for fixes in this release

Fixes
  * track the last_xor_rect, for wireframe painting (Havoc)
  * Move wireframe code before grab is released to prevent endless
    loops with fullscreen windows. (Soeren)
  * Make dialogs that Metacity shows follow focus-stealing-prevention
    conventions. (Elijah; part of #149028)
  * add render extension check to the display, don't build the
    compositing manager by default, use an ARGB visual when available
    for the window frame (Rich Wareham; various tweaks added later by
    Havoc)
  * move the have_xrender variable initialization up in the file since
    it can be set as part of composite check (Havoc)
  * make argb stuff compile, add some code from xcompmgr (Havoc)
  * fix an assertion failure that would occur after increasing the
    number of workspaces; fix stacking order when a window is denied
    focus (Elijah; #150615)
  * disable some compositor code that wasn't working, don't grab the
    server during repaint, various set_background fixes and
    refactoring (Havoc)

Translations
  * az(Metin Amiroff), bs(Kemal Sanjta), ca(Jordi Mallach), 
    el(Kostas Papadimas), es(Francisco Javier F. Serrador), 
    eu(Iñaki Larrañaga Murgoitio), fi(Pauli Virtanen),
    nb(Kjartan Maraas), sq(Laurent Dhima), uk(Maxim Dziumanenko)


2.8.3
==

Some important bug fixes in this release, including somy a11y bugs,
and a compile issue on Solaris.

Thanks to Rob Adams, Bill Haneman, Peter O'Shea, Mike Castle, Soeren
Sandman, Elijah Newren, and Havoc Pennington for fixes in this
release.

Fixes
  * Adjust the MRU list when preventing focus stealing (Elijah)
  * Ensure that we maintain a focus window when switching workspaces
    in mouse focus mode (Elijah)
  * Some improvements in the showing desktop mode, and window
    activation (Elijah)
  * Make sure cursors changes are handled correctly (Havoc, Soeren)
  * Some fixes to the window menu (Rob)
  * Fix a compile issue on Solaris (Peter, Mike)
  * Allow struts to go past the middle of the screen, provided there's
    a gap between them, fixing an issue with gnome magnifier (Bill)

Translations
  * fi (Pauli Virtanen), ja (Takeshi AIHANA), ko (Young-Ho, Cha), 
    pl (Gnome PL Team), ru (Dmitry G. Mastrukov), sr (Danilo Å egan),
    tk (Gurban M. Tewekgeli), zh_CN (Funda Wang)

2.8.2
===

Many bugfixes and better support for the freedesktop.org EWMH spec.

Thanks to Rob Adams, Anders Carlsson, Elijah Newren, Soeren Sandmann,
Emil Soleyman-Zomalan, Michael Terry, and Jeff Waugh for fixes in this
release.

  - set titlebar_uses_system_font = false (it was ugly)
  - make naming for "move a window"/"move the window"/"move window"
    more consistent (fixes #142235)
  - Add trailing quotes to keybinding explanation text.
  - support for EWMH update counter spec & add compensation events
    when events are ignored. (fixes #143333 and #109362)
  - Fix focus bugs: remove race condition on window close/minimize
    (#131582), make focus choice consistent for each focus mode
    (#135810), choose correct focus window when "un-showing the
    desktop (#144900), make sure correct window is focused when using
    the workspace switcher (#120100).
  - Use meta_topic instead of meta_warning when failing to connect to
    a session manager; reduces metacity verbosity. (fixes #136218)
  - Make meta_window_delete take a timestamp, and be sure to pass it
    one.
  - Add support for EWMH _NET_WM_USER_TIME spec.  This enables part of
    preventing focus stealing.  (bug #118372) Also fix bug with
    windows not being focused on unminimizing caused by original
    patch.  (also bug #118372)
  - Fix some support for EWMH hints, and fix USER_TIME support to
    include the DEMANDS_ATTENTION hint.  Also includes some code for
    implementing _NET_RESTACK_WINDOW and _NET_MOVERESIZE_WINDOW, but
    this is disabled pending feature thaw.

2.8.1
===

Thanks to Olivier Crete, Jarrod Johnson, Neil Muller, Elijah Newren,
Mark McLoughlin, Rob Adams, and foser AT gentoo.org for fixes in this
release.

  - make the --enable-xinerama switch work properly
  - prevent unwanted grab op from occurring
  - don't down-size nitems from a gulong to an int
  - add a value type check for the visual/audible bell gconf settings
  - make the no sm support warning resizable
  - more translations

2.8.0
===

No code changes in this release, but some new translations.

2.7.1
===

Thanks to Rob Adams for fixes in this release.

 - bug #122016 - fix a focus race
 - Change move_to_workspace_left/right/up/down keybindings to
   <Control><Alt><Shift> arrow to avoid conflicting with new
   keybindings in spacial nautilus.
 - fix dialog stacking order issues so e.g. panel properties 
   dialog is above the panel

2.7.0
===

First unstable release tarball for GNOME 2.6.

Thanks to Anders Carlsson, Elijah Newren, Rob Adams, James Cape,
Thomas Fitzimmons, Calum Benson for fixes in this release.

2.6.2
===

Thanks to Yukihiro Nakai, Rached Ben Mustapha, Gwenole Beauchesne,
Padraig O'Briain, Laurent Vivier, Rob Adams for contributions to this
release.

 - fix to repaint after resize always, so on maximize 
   and theme changes we get things drawn properly
 - fix a compile issue on HPUX
 - fix translations of metacity-message output
 - fix to update window icons when they change
 - put a limit on number of characters displayed in 
   window titles during Alt+tab
 - fix configure check for Xrandr
 - fix 64-bit bug in property reading that broke 
   things badly on 64-bit
 - don't move focus when clicking close button on a window
 - fix a crash in getting pixmap icons
 - spawn dialogs and child processes on the proper 
   screen in multihead situations
 - if the focus gets set to None, set it back to 
   something sane
 - load accessibility modules and set accessibility roles
 - fix hang after displaying warning dialogs
 - fix a memory corruption when sticking/unsticking windows
   that lead to a frequent crash and windows appearing 
   in Alt+tab improperly
 - fix some handling of partial-width panel struts
 - more translations

2.6.1
===

 - rebuild with fixed glib-gettext.m4

2.6.0
===

 - some additional translations

2.5.5
===

 Thanks to Rob Adams, Arvind Samptur, Andreas Volz, Ray Strode, John
 Paul Wallington, Soeren Sandmann for contributions to this release. 
 And as always thanks to the translators.

 - fix aspect ratio handling
 - fix "shake loose" functionality for maximized windows
 - handle Xrandr size changes properly again
 - fix fullscreen window detection
 - fix workspace name handling
 - don't steal button press events on root window
 - nuke metacity.spec due to nonmaintenance
 - allow too-large-for-screen windows to move their titlebar offscreen
 - keep an MRU list of windows per-workspace and use it to focus 
   the next window when the focused window disappears
 - fix cursor when moving
 - improve appearance of opaque resize
 - make BELOW window state work
 - fix a crash when gdk_pixmap_foreign_new() returned NULL

2.5.3
===

 Thanks to Jordi Mallach, Padraig O'Briain, Rob Adams, Julio Merino,
 Ben Jansens, Jurg Billeter, Ray Strode, marcus@freebsd.org, James
 Laska, for contributions to this release. Thanks also to 
 all the tireless translators.

 - fixups to .desktop file
 - activate window prior to grab end, avoiding
   extra focus events
 - add support for partial-width panels (fixes corner panel 
   and xinerama window position constraints)
 - added keybinding to toggle window as "always on top"
 - support --disable-schemas-install option to configure
 - destroy support for legacy GNOME 1.x hints; metacity 
   no longer works with GNOME 1.x
 - disable raise-on-click for mouse focus modes
 - fix bug that broke many Javascript popup menus with mozilla
 - allow "shaking loose" maximized windows, to move them 
   between Xinerama heads or whatever
 - honor desktop-wide double click timeout
 - handle window placement properly for windows that 
   start out maximized
 - integrate Ximian patch to go ahead and log out after 4 minutes
   even if a dialog is open
 - fix a segfault
 - fix bug where window groups weren't always kept up to date
 - fix bug where focus got confused when switching workspaces
   with mouse focus mode
 - fix 64-bit crash on s390x
 - chdir to user's homedir on startup
 - keep window in fullscreen layer when its transients are focused
 - fix keybindings bug when you had ScrollLock enabled
 - many translation updates

2.5.2
===

 Thanks to David Santiago, Julien Olivier, Anders Carlsson, Rob Adams
 for fixes in this release.

 - improved wording/UI for some dialogs
 - while clicking a window button, if you move the mouse outside 
   the button such that releasing the mouse button won't activate 
   the window button, visually indicate by "popping out" the button.
 - fix some valgrind errors
 - change "show desktop mode" to convert to "everything is minimized
   mode" if you open a new window while showing desktop, rather 
   than previous behavior of simply leaving show desktop mode.
 - fix a trivial memory leak
 - change "move to workspace N" so it doesn't switch workspaces, 
   just moves the window.
 - translation updates

2.5.1
===

 Thanks to Rob Adams, Peter O'Shea, Dafydd Harries, Masahiro Sakai, 
 Soeren Sandmann for fixes in this release.

 - fix bug where fullscreen windows were below top panels
 - build fix for Solaris
 - support diagonal window movement with numeric keypad
 - multihead fix
 - build fix for Cygwin 
 - place on xinerama containing the pointer
 - fix totally hosed window placement/movement for frameless
   windows
 - improvement to smoothness of window move/resize

2.5.0
===

 Thanks to Rob Adams, Owen Taylor, Frederic Crozat, Arvind Samptur,
 Bill Haneman, Akira Tagoh for help with fixes in this release.

 - many new translations
 - fix an infinite loop while holding a server grab triggered by 
   some recent Qt versions doing weird stuff
 - fix bug where Alt+rightclick repeatedly on titlebar resulted 
   in zillions of menus
 - fix Alt+Tab to *actually* put minimized windows at the end, 
   though this was always intended
 - rewrite size/positions constraint code (currently known 
   to be quite buggy, e.g. xmms is hosed)
 - enforce size of at least 1x1 on windows
 - reduce latency of managing new windows still further 
   by using async properties code in more places
 - don't grab keybindings on docks, so gnome-panel 
   can handle them
 - suck in the panel's screenshot and run dialog global 
   bindings
 - lots of improvements to window placement
 - sync max number of workspaces with pager applet
 - fix to keep focus when inside window frame in 
   strict mouse focus mode
 - make it possible to start a reverse tab with 
   shift+alt+tab (vs. alt+tab then shift)
 - fix a multihead issue with constraints between two 
   windows on different heads
 - require GTK+ 2.2.0 and fontconfig
 - default theme is now Simple
 - add visual bell feature
 - incorporate many fixes from 2.4.34
 - other stuff

2.4.13
===

 - we were making all dialogs skip the taskbar, even non-transient 
   ones, though this was supposedly fixed a while ago. Now really
   fixed.
 - change back to Alt+click by default for the window drag feature.
 - assign Alt+F12 to shade window
 - fix not deleting enough workspaces when the number 
   was reduced via the pager config dialog (readams@hmc.edu)
 - don't allow windows under the top panel ever, even if they 
   are tall windows (Arvind)
 - fix up the window layout for directional workspace nav, 
   so you always stop at the edges and always end up 
   where you expect (hp, with tweaks from readams@hmc.edu)
 - focus new windows in mouse focus mode (readams@hmc.edu)
 - support xeyes, oclock, etc. by applying shape mask 
   to the window manager frame (yeah it resizes slow, deal)
 - fix vertical/horizontal maximize
 - handle crossing events resizing for more opaque resize goodness
   (Soeren)
 - add wacky _METACITY_UPDATE_COUNTER experimental extension 
   to do nice opaque resizing (does nothing without a GTK patch)
 - fix a crash setting workspace names
 - fix internationalized WM_NAME reading

